Sir, please.
Please, sir.
Please don't kill him.
How did that bastard get out?
I'll tell you.
He got out through here. This way.
Here.
Why in ten days?
You seriously don't know?
A veteran spy like you who's been
acting in covert all over Germany?
The doctor?
The South Korean presidential election
is in ten days.
Does it have to do with it?
For the ruling party to regain power,
I think the North and the South
made a secret deal.
As long as the North has
the South at its mercy,
the ANSP can never hurt you guys.
Kang Cheong-ya, the Chief of Surgery
at Hankuk Central Medical Center.
It's taken me
as many as 17 years to come this far.
Only a handful of people
know who I really am, even in the North.
The fact that the party ordered me
to send you back safely
proves how much you mean to the party.
Can't you see that?
DOCTOR, PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION,
SECRET DEAL
The doctor is what?
The doctor the agency sent in…
is a Northern spy?
The North and the South made a deal
for the election?
Then the Han I-seop case is also…
And this hostage-taking too?
Go back to your seats!
What was the gunfire about?
You want us to all die?
Watch your tone, you bastard.
Because of you…
The ANSP team leader tried
to escape through the exit.
We shot at him to make him go back in.
You made him come back in?
Why?
Why do you think?
He insists we should have the SWAT team
break in. How could we let him out?
What if he comes out here
and tells everyone we should break in?
He'll be a pain in the neck.
It's not looking good.
Why did they have to kill
the ANSP director's son of all people?
Why do I have to talk with a mere spy
like you here, standing by 24 hours?
A high-up like me shouldn't be
doing this. You hear me, you bastard?
Watch him closely
so that he won't come out again. Okay?
Hold out for nine more days,
and we'll send you back to the North
without anyone knowing.
They don't hesitate
to abandon their own agent.
Will they really let us live
as they promised
to the North?
They don't intend to rescue the hostages.
Only to use them
for the presidential election.